Great buy, always go with white dark colors melt on the Florida sun!! Experience over $$. Cordless is cool too.
Awesome product...love it
Love it, easy to put up as well!!!!
These go up very easily and I love the cordless feature. Color is perfect too.
When using the rod to open the blind, the rod gets stuck and snaps back to the original position. It requires frequent adjustments but ultimately works.
one of the top brackets was broken.  how do I get a replacement?
I love the sting free pushing and pulling to adjust the blind height. No tangles. Very hands free. Nothing getting stuck. And fast!
Very agitating to order a 25 x 72 inch blind (a replacement) and it comes in the box that says 25x72 but it's actually measuring at 24.5 x 72 and that little bit throws it all off.  Contacted walmart and they contacted seller but never heard anything from seller so got a refund.  Just agitating .
I was so happy to be able to order these blinds for my narrow windows with out special ordering. The first set went up well but the 2nd set drooped. I tried to re-adjust the placement of the bracket to see if that would help and the bottom support of the bracket snapped off. Now I have no privacy between my front window and the street.
The blind was suppose to have been with 2" Slat.  The item was a 1" mini-blind.  There was no size of slat on the description on line or on the product.  I have returned and hoping to receive full credit.  Returned last week and have not received any confirmation.
Bought these because they had a cord and my window is really high. But when i recevied them, they were cordless. Had to return.
Very nice. Delivery was in a timely manner.
very easy to install and we replaced some blinds that had to be 35 years old on french doors.
Blind has several pin holes in the slats and a crack in one of the slats.
Great item and worth the price. Beautiful.
Easy to install. Fits great.
one arrived broken. very cheap made.
Good product and price. Blinds arrived quick, too!
easy to install, good price nice looking blind








Luxury for good price. Although I didnt use the flooring beacause of my weight but the elegance the frame settings give  my room is beyond comprehension. I love it
Just love these sheets second set I order they are so comfortable and fit well would recommend to friends.
MY WIFE SAYS THERE ADORABLE. FOR VALUE AND QUALITY WAL-MART HAS ALWAYS BEEN MY GO TO STORE.
The only reason I put 4 out of 5 stars was because the color they show in picture 1 looks like a Vibrant orange like a Halloween vibe. Well scroll to picture 4 And thats the actual color It is more like a burnt orange give me like a Thanksgiving vibe. However the sheets are super soft not a weird silky soft like a quilt type soft and they fit over my 18 inch thick king size mattress no problem. I did not need to stretch to fit that last corner of the mattress the sheets went on no problem and got very nicely. I would definitely try again and hope the color shown 6 out of 7 pictures is the color Im  getting! Other than that I purchased a very good quality set of sheets for a really good price
I thought i would like this pink color but its not for me i should've went for a different color other than that they're soft which is a definite plus i have such sensitive skin so anything slightly scratchy is a no go. This was better than expected like i said soft I'll definitely be buying another but different color for my King size bed if it wasn't for the color i would've gave it 5 stars also love the stripe details on the pillow cases surprised it's not on the sheet also
Color is hot pink, not what I had in mind. But is workable with my shabby chic
Will not stay on mattress as the elastic is extremely small and poor quality. Stitching has already come  unsown on the pillow case.
The sheets are not orange like in the picture. They are an ugly salmon color.
Sheets arrived and were really dirty. Looks like it may have been used
This is really to smalle and I don't think this is the correct size that I ordered
color is perfect. its soft
We've been shopping for Bed-Tite deep fitting sheet sets. Once these were applied to the beds, colors became the differences. They fit perfectly. The colors were as described. Several sizes were ordered and fit the size mattress that was purchased for. Highly recommend.
Light is being used above the stairway to the basement. Lights the stairs well and can also accent the artwork. It is the perfect light the installation - well worth the money. With 5 lights, there are many wires that need to be dealt with. Overall not too difficult.
The sheets are soft and comfortable, but they also seem cheaply made.....there are already snags after one washing (and no sleeping!). Also - the color is orange. I know orange is a bright color, but holy mackerel - the brightness almost shines through my closed eyes! I was hoping for something a bit more "peachy" than neon.  I can't help but compare these sheets to the last set of sheets I bought from a different manufacturer. The earlier purchased sheets are soft and comfortable, but they are also very well made, and sturdy. They've been washed multiple times, and still feel like new. I don't feel confident about these new, orange sheets holding up as well.
This replaced a single flood light over a bar in my kitchen. I had to buy a separate adapter kit that allow the wiring to 'screw' into my existing fixture. Tricky to get device attached - you need three hands or a helper....but job was straight forward. Instructions clear. I wanted more light than given by the 100W flood I was replacing. I realize now that 30W would have been sufficient rather than the 50W bulbs I ordered. The ability to point the individual lights also let me light up a telephone near the bar.
Awful quality. As I was putting them on the mattress for the first time they ripped. They will be going back.
We installed this light to replace an old flourescent fixture in our medium-sized kitchen. It provides great lighting and really makes the granite countertops stand out. My husband installed it without much difficulty, the only time consuming part of the installation was getting the light bulbs in place (the included suction cup holder was a big help with tightening the bulbs into place).
Ordered these sheets because I ripped a hole in my favorite set of sheets, and the only set of deep pocket sheets I had only to get it in the mail, put it on the bed and notice there was a hole in the middle of the fitted sheet. Called to get a replacement and haven't heard anything back. Do not buy.
Installed in my 17x15 kitchen as main source of lighting. Lights the room, although could benefit from 1-2 recessed lights.
Don't understand why reviews are always asked for, before you even have time to use the product! That said, I have not used this item! I gave 3 stars, inhopes the quality will be decent and that they will fit. Disappointed that the color I received is not the color depicted. They are a nice enough color, just not what I wanted! Will be keeping, and keeping fingers crossed, because reviews were decent and maybe once I wash them, they won't fall apart before the next use...
Installed light in my kitchen and my wife loves it. Not difficult to install however a second pair of hands to hold the light while one person connects the wires is best. I would definitely recommend putting the shades and bulbs in before you hang it as they are a little difficult to put on. The light is bright, however each light only lights up a small area as they are more like spot lights.The light I replaced was a three light ceiling fan with three 60 watt bulbs and they more evenly lit up my kitchen. That being said,I would still buy again.

Used two in my kitchen as a primary light source -looks great and gives good lighting. I also have on a dimmer to achieve ambient lighting. Love the look!
I purchased the burgundy red hoping to keep my gold and burgundy colors in my room. When it arrived I was horrified. It was the ugliest burnt orange color that I have ever seen. Wal-Mart told me no returns during this pandemic. so I'm stuck using this gross color in my burgundy and gold room. I usually have really good experiences ordering so this is a first for me.
Went up easily on the wall. Glass shades are very attractive. Lighting looks better with frosted bulbs, but the included ones were spot lights. It is a little tricky to get bulbs into fixture, but hopefully won't have to do that too often.
color in pictures shows a darker yellow.
We put 2 of these in our kitchen and they look great. You can point each lamp in any direction for custom lighting. One of the face plates was a little off with the hole placements but my husband was able to grind them to fit.
These are great sheets, especially for the price.  When we first opened the package I thought they were cheaply made since they were so light.  I was pleasantly surprised at how light and soft they are while being very well made.  They have held up well in the washer and dryer.  The best part for me is that they truly have deep pockets and fit our 16 inch mattress very easily.
The light is beautiful, easy to assemble and install. The shades and bulbs required nimble fingers to install, but neither are a major problem. Good product.
Not made very well. Way smaller than I thought it would be. Not very bright at all, I will have to install pot lights with this light. Honestly the only thing I like about this light is the looks of it. I got the black with blood red shade.
Looks better than in the picture. Cool design and provides bright light.
Attaching rings, glass and bulb a little tricky, but doable.
very pretty and very bright i have an old house and needed an electrician to install it took him a while to do it too
Needed overhead light. This is perfect. Had an electrician install as he was doing other work in my home.
I am pleased with the look of the light but it is not as sturdy as I would have expected for what I paid.
love the contemporary design. Hate that I put it together by the picture on the box.
This fixture looks great and is excellent value.
I have the 5-light fixture in my kitchen and the 3-light fixture in my hallway. They provide wonderful (adjustable) light and look great for their respecitve prices. HOWEVER, changing the bulbs is difficult as there is not enough room b/t bulb & shade to grasp bulb and twist. I found that wrapping a thin cloth around the spent bulb and using kitchen tongs to grasp & twist counter-clockwise was most successful.
Really pretty and good shade
Very pleased with umbrella. Perfect size for our small patio. Just put it up so too soon to know how it will last.
I ORDERED A YELLOW  UMBRELLA, WHICH IS BEAUTIFUL. UNFORTUNATELY THE POLE CAME DENTED.

[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] This umbrella is AMAZING! The color Pacific Blue was the exact color I was looking for. The push tilt is easy to operate.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Just received, so have no idea of durability. But umbrella seems to be just what we ordered
Perfect addition to our pool area picnic table! Excellent quality quickly delivered!
this is my third purchase through Hayneedle. the customer service is outstanding, the delivery time is shockingly fast,no matter how large the item, you never wit more than a week for delivery. the caiber of the merchandise is 5 star. i bought a leather ottomonn with nail grommets trimming the bottom, looks like i purchased it from Ethan Allen, for only 200, amazing solid, top soft quality leather and color. i puirchased two market umbrellas, superior quality, beautiful rich color, solid base, much better than the previous ones i have from Pottery Barn.half the price. friendly, helpful, knowledgeable service team to talk to as well, amazing shopping site,..
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Easy to operate, well made and handsome. The only reason I gave only 4 stars is that based on product photos...I thought this umbrella came with a base.
This umbrella appears to be well made and has a sunbrella material shade. But this is not a 7.5 ft umbrella. It only measures 6'10" when opened. And the sunbrella material appears to be of lesser quality (less dense) than other sunbrella material I have. Keeping the umbrella - but wondering how it is going to hold up...
very nice other than the color
Umbrella not as sturdy as expected.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Everything about the umbrella is top notch in my book! It looks great, it operates smoothly, and it was a very good deal at 20% off plus free shipping! I specifically ordered this model because I desired an umbrella with a manual lift as opposed to a crank system, to avoid the breakage caused by over-cranking. Also, in that same category, I did not want a tilt system for the same reason - breakage. I am hoping this model will be around for years to come!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Everything about this umbrella gets a top notch rating from me! It looks great, operates smoothly, and was a very good deal at 20% off plus free shipping! I should also mention that I was looking for an umbrella with the fewest moving parts, so as to avoid breakage, ie, no crank, but instead a manual lift, and no tilt on the pole either. Fills the bill nicely!
Perfect Unbrella for our deck. Arrived very quickly.
We spent weeks trying to find white umbrellas with white poles, but found them either very expensive or flimsy! We like white as they are easy to bleach if stains appear and still look like new! Colored ones often fade or change color! These umbrellas were PERFECT! Such sturdy and well designed items were impossible to find in our area! They are ready right out of the box and have had no issues turning recent windy spring days!!! Wonderful product... We couldn't be happier!!
I have three 11foot umbrellas in a row across my back yard. The umbrellas are beautiful and very high....I needed the height so I could bury them in the ground instead of using a stand that blows over. Blue Red Blue - 11 feet times 3 - it really is beautiful! The double vents should help with any breezes and the sunbrella fabric will keep them looking good.
It is a beautiful umbrella which arrived very quickly and without any issues. It is replacing a 21 year old 11 ft market umbrella with a wooden pole and sunbrella cover which was finally starting to show wear on the cover fabric. If this new one lasts as long as the old one did, that will be great. I really like the wind feature with 3 sections of fabric. It handles the Las Vegas winds nicely. I ordered a cover from CoverMates so it should last a long time.
Umbrella was delivered ahead of schedule and was well packaged and arrived in great shape. Umbrella was exactly as described and the quality of construction is excellent.
Pulley system...opened the umbrella before placing it in the stand to test it.. FYI... this is a two person job as I almost crushed two fingers pushing in the lock button. Ended up with 2 chunks of shin from my fingers gone. I could not get it too open for some reason as easily previously I had. Searched web thinking I did something wrong. No results online showing how to open. Finally got the neighbor next door to help and got it open. Nice product but again 2 oeople
Material is nicer than I thought it would be, thicker. I like how the breeze goes through because it's often windy here on the river. I gave it a 4 because it has a tiny tear near the very top of the umbrella - almost like it was stretched too far and tore.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Overall a very nice umbrella. Pluses are good quality manufacturing, nice design and provides good shade. Minuses, cord hangs free with no double hook to wind it around, small areas where the pattern of the fabric are missing resulting in white colorless strips that look like tears but actually have fabric there, it just missing the color pattern of the rest of the fabric.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Love these! Very sturdy and chic. We looked everywhere for umbrellas with white poles. These are beautiful. Look like hotel quality. The white olefin looks like it will hold up well and be easy to clean.
This is the second California umbrella we have purchased. We are pleased with the quality of the product.
Being in the service industry, it is always a pleasure to encounter someone who truly understands what the term means. I would recommend Hayneedle to anyone that is looking for a great product and great SERVICE.
Have not had very long, but was very happy to find a white pole at a fair price. When we had it up it was sturdy and easy to tilt. We do cover and take in on very windy days so hope this will last awhile.
Outstanding, I love this umbrella! It's beautiful and made of quality material, It's perfect for.our back yard table where we enjoy a gorgeous view. I have shopped around and will only purchase this quality product from Hayneedle.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] The fact that the pole is in two parts makes it easy to insert and remove from table. Color is great.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] The vents and and high quality fabric sold me on this umbrella and I have not been disappointed.
We have this umbrella out on the patio next to our party house..and everybody loves the color and quality.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Everything about the umbrella is top notch in my book! It looks great, it operates smoothly, and it was a very good deal at 20% off plus free shipping! I specifically ordered this model because I desired an umbrella with a manual lift as opposed to a crank system, to avoid the breakage caused by over-cranking. Also, in that same category, I did not want a tilt system for the same reason - breakage. I am hoping this model will be around for years to come!
Use these umbrellas to provide shade for your backyard benches, and a splash of color for your landscape.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Everything about this umbrella gets a top notch rating from me! It looks great, operates smoothly, and was a very good deal at 20% off plus free shipping! I should also mention that I was looking for an umbrella with the fewest moving parts, so as to avoid breakage, ie, no crank, but instead a manual lift, and no tilt on the pole either. Fills the bill nicely!
Built well and looks great!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Everything about the umbrella is top notch in my book! It looks great, it operates smoothly, and it was a very good deal at 20% off plus free shipping! I specifically ordered this model because I desired an umbrella with a manual lift as opposed to a crank system, to avoid the breakage caused by over-cranking. Also, in that same category, I did not want a tilt system for the same reason - breakage. I am hoping this model will be around for years to come!
bought this for my son, we got him a new mattress a few months ago and found that all his previous bed sheets no longer fit because his new mattress was alot thicker. got this because it said deep pockets, I'm happy to say this sheet is still on his bed, and hes a flip flopper at night. he loves the color as do I! I plan on getting him more in the future.
Very nice quality for the price. Held up really well in recent wind storm. Fabric seems to be nicer quality. Champagne color is a tan color, which I like.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Everything about this umbrella gets a top notch rating from me! It looks great, operates smoothly, and was a very good deal at 20% off plus free shipping! I should also mention that I was looking for an umbrella with the fewest moving parts, so as to avoid breakage, ie, no crank, but instead a manual lift, and no tilt on the pole either. Fills the bill nicely!
I love the color they r beautiful. we just finally opened the plastic that they came in n mouse turds fell out of the sheets. n I know my house does not have mice. n this was the first time opening the plastic. just warning everyone.
Perfect Unbrella for our deck. Arrived very quickly.
Perfect Unbrella for our deck. Arrived very quickly.
My daughter's new mattress was so thick, I was concerned I'd have a problem putting the fitted sheet on. The sheet went on easily and was taut enough to make everything smooth.
I have three 11foot umbrellas in a row across my back yard. The umbrellas are beautiful and very high....I needed the height so I could bury them in the ground instead of using a stand that blows over. Blue Red Blue - 11 feet times 3 - it really is beautiful! The double vents should help with any breezes and the sunbrella fabric will keep them looking good.
I have three 11foot umbrellas in a row across my back yard. The umbrellas are beautiful and very high....I needed the height so I could bury them in the ground instead of using a stand that blows over. Blue Red Blue - 11 feet times 3 - it really is beautiful! The double vents should help with any breezes and the sunbrella fabric will keep them looking good.
It honestly took me probably an hour of searching to find this exact sheet set for the right color and when it arrived I was not only so pleased that the color was perfect, to find out the quality Is better than I hoped for is amazing! And the price is absolutely unbeatable :-)And the price is absolutely unbeatable :-)...
Umbrella was delivered ahead of schedule and was well packaged and arrived in great shape. Umbrella was exactly as described and the quality of construction is excellent.
It is a beautiful umbrella which arrived very quickly and without any issues. It is replacing a 21 year old 11 ft market umbrella with a wooden pole and sunbrella cover which was finally starting to show wear on the cover fabric. If this new one lasts as long as the old one did, that will be great. I really like the wind feature with 3 sections of fabric. It handles the Las Vegas winds nicely. I ordered a cover from CoverMates so it should last a long time.
Beautiful blue color for a sky-themed bed. Fits over our 18" corners. Color holds well through washes. Very nice weight and cool, smooth feel. Surprised at the nice quality for the price!
Pulley system...opened the umbrella before placing it in the stand to test it.. FYI... this is a two person job as I almost crushed two fingers pushing in the lock button. Ended up with 2 chunks of shin from my fingers gone. I could not get it too open for some reason as easily previously I had. Searched web thinking I did something wrong. No results online showing how to open. Finally got the neighbor next door to help and got it open. Nice product but again 2 oeople
Being in the service industry, it is always a pleasure to encounter someone who truly understands what the term means. I would recommend Hayneedle to anyone that is looking for a great product and great SERVICE.
"These are sold as sized for a California King bed but the sewing makes them too tight to fit without great difficulty and they keep coming loose.
Cannot recommend for the advertised size but maybe for a smaller bed."
Material is nicer than I thought it would be, thicker. I like how the breeze goes through because it's often windy here on the river. I gave it a 4 because it has a tiny tear near the very top of the umbrella - almost like it was stretched too far and tore.
Umbrella was delivered ahead of schedule and was well packaged and arrived in great shape. Umbrella was exactly as described and the quality of construction is excellent.
I love these! They are the perfect color, and they stay in the bed even with my husband, a violent roller, and a dog that will fight you for the blankets. It's been a week and I haven't had to put the sheets back on the bed once, and with the old sheets it was a daily thing. They are also very soft and comfortable. Love them!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Overall a very nice umbrella. Pluses are good quality manufacturing, nice design and provides good shade. Minuses, cord hangs free with no double hook to wind it around, small areas where the pattern of the fabric are missing resulting in white colorless strips that look like tears but actually have fabric there, it just missing the color pattern of the rest of the fabric.
This is an amazing pan, do follow direction and wash in warm soapy water and heat pan afterwards,  and man it cooks very well and quickly, heavy pan  as well if you can handle that, but very well made and awesome, and it's got a great finish. And yes bottom will scratch right away on coikd burners. But thats to be expected.. Definatley worth the buy and a great price as well.
Pulley system...opened the umbrella before placing it in the stand to test it.. FYI... this is a two person job as I almost crushed two fingers pushing in the lock button. Ended up with 2 chunks of shin from my fingers gone. I could not get it too open for some reason as easily previously I had. Searched web thinking I did something wrong. No results online showing how to open. Finally got the neighbor next door to help and got it open. Nice product but again 2 oeople
I washed the bedding before I put it in our new bed, as I always wash everything before I use it. The sheets and pillow cases washed and dried very nice. I put them on my new bed and they are a perfect fit. The sheets are so nice and soft and stay in place.
I like The umbrella. The description does not say that there is no lift for the umbrella. Generally this style would have a rope type lift that you pull it up with. I will Not purchase this umbrella again for this reason. It very difficult for a lady to open it. I can not seem to find any way to attach a rope either.
Love this pan size!  This is perfect for making things for my large family and packages of noodles.  It is so nice to have an in between size pan so I didn't need to use huge pans for things that didn't fit in the typical pans that come in a prepackaged assortment.  These pans are sturdy and well made.  The design is awesome and they all fit super well in small spaces.  My cabinets look organized even though I have a ton of large pans, best design ever!
Material is nicer than I thought it would be, thicker. I like how the breeze goes through because it's often windy here on the river. I gave it a 4 because it has a tiny tear near the very top of the umbrella - almost like it was stretched too far and tore.
these sheets are awesome. My husband works nights sleeps during the day.  His body temp is usually very high  and it is nice to have a sheet that will keep him cool while he sleeps as well as keep me warm at night while I sleep. Not  fond of the flap on the pillow case, but nothing fits our new cooling pillows anyway.
It is a beautiful umbrella which arrived very quickly and without any issues. It is replacing a 21 year old 11 ft market umbrella with a wooden pole and sunbrella cover which was finally starting to show wear on the cover fabric. If this new one lasts as long as the old one did, that will be great. I really like the wind feature with 3 sections of fabric. It handles the Las Vegas winds nicely. I ordered a cover from CoverMates so it should last a long time.
This was better than I expected.  You can hold the lid with the handle of the pan. And the lid has drain holes for the liquids.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Overall a very nice umbrella. Pluses are good quality manufacturing, nice design and provides good shade. Minuses, cord hangs free with no double hook to wind it around, small areas where the pattern of the fabric are missing resulting in white colorless strips that look like tears but actually have fabric there, it just missing the color pattern of the rest of the fabric.
The sheets are very nice - so soft and cuddly to snuggle into at the end of the day.  They washed up great, wrinkled just a bit but very nice sheets.  Unfortunately, the color I ordered (kinda like a deep beige) were downright ugly but they're just for sleeping so I'm okay with that.  One of my favorite set of sheets for sleeping on.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] Nice quality, fits perfect over my 3 x 6 dining table. Color is a bit brighter than I expected, but blends with the rest of our patio accessories. I am hoping the better fabric used on this umbrella will outlast the less expensive polyester umbrellas.
It is the perfect size and I love the pouring feature.
Outstanding, I love this umbrella! It's beautiful and made of quality material, It's perfect for.our back yard table where we enjoy a gorgeous view. I have shopped around and will only purchase this quality product from Hayneedle.
Very soft! I don't care for microfiber, but this is a great exception. It fits a tall mattress well, and was the exact color I was wanting to match my comforter, and it's been through the wash dozens of times with no fade. Dog and cat claws have yet to cause harm to it as well. So glad I went against my "no microfiber" rule for these sheets!
Being in the service industry, it is always a pleasure to encounter someone who truly understands what the term means. I would recommend Hayneedle to anyone that is looking for a great product and great SERVICE.
Great quality, heavy and sturdy, works great.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] The fact that the pole is in two parts makes it easy to insert and remove from table. Color is great.
this sheet is  not  a deep pocket set as the pockets are only 10" which is just regular size.  I needed a deep pocket set over 16". I have not tried them on the bed as unless they are made differently they just won't fit over my deep mattress.  I waited   a long time for them to get here  and now they are wrong.   I have purchased at the store the deep pocket sheets so I know they are  just wrong. so disappointed.
Outstanding, I love this umbrella! It's beautiful and made of quality material, It's perfect for.our back yard table where we enjoy a gorgeous view. I have shopped around and will only purchase this quality product from Hayneedle.
Beautiful. And sturdy. Great value.  The initial in center is loose.  Had to buy contact cement to hold in place. Other than that it was great.. Lets see how long it lasts
Awesome all around. The lids with the handles off the side are my favorite.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] The vents and and high quality fabric sold me on this umbrella and I have not been disappointed.
I ordered two "identical" sets of the sheets.  One set was well made, soft and a great fit.  The other set was made from a cheaper fabric, not elasticized like the other one and not as good a fit.   I would recommend the better set, but not the cheaper one!
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] The fact that the pole is in two parts makes it easy to insert and remove from table. Color is great.
Its a perfect mat for my front door! I love it!
Gorgeous! I hope to buy some more pieces in this stackable style.
Use these umbrellas to provide shade for your backyard benches, and a splash of color for your landscape.
The description says the sheet fits up to an 18 inch mattress. My mattress is 18 inches. It does go on and stay put, for the most part, bit it does slide up the side of the mattress occasionally. Its possible thats due to my vinyl mattress protector being a little slick. The only thing that bugs me and isnt even really a problem is the elastic band doesn't be go completely under the mattress all the way around. It tucks on the corners but not the middle portions of each side. It could be my ocd or the fact that the sheet isn't deep enough. The sheet set is super comfy and my boyfriend, who doesn't even like a top sheet, now sleeps under this one because it feels great.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.] The vents and and high quality fabric sold me on this umbrella and I have not been disappointed.
Lovely doormat for front entry. Design is great and does not get soaked when raining. Gave this as a gift and they loved it!! It also came with a bonus insert!! Wow!!
Not only can you drain liquid from food-but it vents to prevent boil over.  Love the entire collection of the space saving pans.  This is my favorite pan ever because of the strain feature.
Built well and looks great!
These sheets looks very nice and appear to be well made. I just put them on the bed yesterday. They fit well and were comfortable to sleep on. My only concern is that the fabric is very thin.  It doesn't feel like they will last very long  but I wont know that for a while.  For the price, I think it was worth a shot!
Use these umbrellas to provide shade for your backyard benches, and a splash of color for your landscape.
My home monogram door mat was delivered as expected (prompt) and I am so happy. It's sturdy and durable and the color is nice and rice. I was very pleased with the price. I've received so many compliments
Great item and a great price!!!
Over all a good buy, but I waited over two weeks to get this.
So far, so good.  The color is perfect and they are very soft.  Only minor downside that I didn't think about is that there are 2 pillowcases.  I ordered king size and have 4 standard pillows rather than 2 king size.  I supplement with 2 contrasting pillowcases.  Sometimes microfiber sheets end up getting "pilly" but these show good promise!
Built well and looks great!
This is a great doormat!  It's bigger than I expected, even though I knew the dimensions.  I love it!  It fits perfectly in front of the door.  We drilled some holes in the rubber underneath the coir insert so it can drain.  Works great!  I also ordered the doormat inserts from Von Maur.  Perfect way to accessorize for the holidays!  Love, love, love it!

good quality for a great price...since we live at the beach we needed a double vent at our pool and you won't find one at a better price in a variety of colors...the only downside is it is a pull up and not a crank
Love the color. The sheets are comfortable and soft.  I didnt really care for the flap on the pillow cases. The sheets did wash and dry nicely.
Over all a good buy, but I waited over two weeks to get this.
This mat brighten up by porch and I get compliments from visitors

Great quality for the moneys
Absolutely LOVE THEM!! They are so soft, straight out of the package without washing first!! They are so soft, comfortable, and cool I don't want to get out of bed... and don't for hours on days I don't have to get up!!
good quality for a great price...since we live at the beach we needed a double vent at our pool and you won't find one at a better price in a variety of colors...the only downside is it is a pull up and not a crank
I like the mat...I just wish the letter monogram stayed in place (it tends to turn/spin).  Other than that it functions well and looks great.
So good I ordered a second set . Best is the very deep pockets . Second is that they are soft , and cool .Third is the great price. Fourth , t g ey are made well.
ON MY PATIO IT IS PERFACT JUST THE SIZE I NEEDED COLOR WAS GREAT, HEAVY, STRONG, WORTH THE MONEY
This mat is pretty awesome. The size is nice and big but not too big. It feels nice and thick and seem slike it will hold up well. The letter is so nice looking.  I would have given it a 5 star rating if the letter was attached to the mat.  Its a round disk that can lift out of the center and moves around a big. I understand that it was made this way to be able to customize it, but now I have to figure out what will glue it down and make sure I get it center and make sure it will hold up to the elements. Other than that I really love it and would buy it again.
I've been using for 2-1/2 months now and am still pleased with these sheets.  They are very thin which is fine with me since I live in Florida but I'm not sure if they'll last long because of the thinness.  We shall see!!
Looks great on our party house patio
The mat was prettying much as described. It was heavy and solid and will serve the purpose well. The buying and delivery process was smooth. The only thing I didn't care for was the fact that the letter was e chose was a separate piece of material that fits into the circle of the mat. It is not attached. It has not caused a problem but was not what I was expected.
Customer service was very helpful.
The monogram is a loose piece that comes out. It moves around from side to side and doesn't stay straight.  I was very dissatisfied with the inferior quality for the money.  The monogram can easily fall out
I bought this for our party park patio. Beautiful color and quality! Guests are loving it!!
It was exactly as expected. Very high quality
Great coverage for my entire 6 chair patio setting.
Really like this doormat.  Only a couple of issues, prevents 5 stars: The H monogram is off centered, guess my OCD, and then monogram is not glued to the mat.  Not sure why?  Emailed company and got auto response, but no follow-up yet.
Love this umbrella.
Perfect size! 36” is too small and 48” is too big. This 41” mat is just right. I love the rubber material, lets the water drain and doesn't stay wet. The middle coir letter isn't glued down so I can change it out if I want.
This is a perfect umbrella. The tilt is simple and easy.
Mat has enough weight to keep it from blowing off my covered porch.  Runner surrounding the initial is substantial and well finished.  The initial disc (removable) can be replaced with a second disc provided with my mat.
good quality for a great price...since we live at the beach we needed a double vent at our pool and you won't find one at a better price in a variety of colors...the only downside is it is a pull up and not a crank
Have had for 9 months.  Holding up nicely.  Would recommend.
The quality of the umbrella is great and the price is wonderful. It shipped fast. Very happy with this purchase.
Beautiful doormat for our front door. Nice size, and sturdy rubber material. The mat is exactly as pictured.
It was hard to find the right umbrella this year. Hayneedle worked with me to get the exact item I wanted.
Very high quality at an affordable price.
Great quality for the moneys




Great quality for the moneys
These deep pockets are what we needed! Most other sheets would pop up from the corners and barely fit our deep mattress and 3 inch topper. Very pleased.
Great sheets..sure beats buying them from sleep number for 209/300.00 dollars I paid 38.00 bought 3 pairs...totally worth it.
Super soft and stretchy! I was worried because they were cheap and I was afraid they would be cheaply made but no worries they are wonderful!
The color is a beautiful pale peach color, jus as pictured. Washed well, very soft. Impressed with fast delivery and how vibrant the color is.
"love love love them. they don't come off the sides of the mattress.
they fit like a glove on the mattress"
This is my third set i love the deep pockets size and texture. I will order other colors for all my beds.
Don't hesitate to buy..... couldn't believe the price for the higher quality....the elastic corners fit perfect and easy to put on bed.  Pillow cases are high quality.
"Dad will be 90 next year and needed new sheets.
He loves the feel and they do not pop off the mattress.
Price is great and they wash great.
Thank you for making a great product."
I was really skeptical after seeing other reviews where others were ripped/stained when they received them. But I got them anyways and boy are they soft, smooth and perfect. I love them so much!
Love these sheets. They're soft and fit perfectly over the pillow top on my Mattress. The other sheets pop off the edges of the bed, but these sheets stay put and I have no problem making my bed after washing my sheets.
I am always hesitant about shopping colors online as what you see may not be what you get. The colors were spot on and matched exactly to my comforter.
"Softest sheets out there!!!
Absolutely love them.
I ordered the grey for my first set and loved them so much I came back to order 7 more sets.
Love the color selection as well!"
I still do not know how these sheets look or feel! They were supposed to be here by 12/24/2020--tracking says they are still in New Jersey(since 12/21/2020). They got their money---I want my sheets!!!
"Softest sheets out there!!!
Absolutely love them.
I ordered the grey for my first set and loved them so much I came back to order 7 more sets.
Love the color selection as well!"
Loved everything about these sheets. I would definitely purchase again. In fact I am going to purchase more colors in this collection. Exceptional quality and great price.
"Softest sheets out there!!!
Absolutely love them.
I ordered the grey for my first set and loved them so much I came back to order 7 more sets.
Love the color selection as well!"
"Softest sheets out there!!!
Absolutely love them.
I ordered the grey for my first set and loved them so much I came back to order 7 more sets.
Love the color selection as well!"
4/5 Just because it was not a custard yellow color as the picture displays it is way more light almost like a pale yellow, not what I was going for but it will do.
I am pleased with these sheets. Color same as picture texture is nice and soft, and they fit but barely. Would have liked them to be a little deeper (my mattress is approx 15inches) and white elastic shows.
"The softest sheets out there. They wash so nice and love the color selection.
I bout one set for my daughter, loved them so much and bought 7 more sets!!!"




Very nice! Super soft and breathable. Colors are amazing! Fit my 12” mattress with ease! Highly recommend! They feel like sheets I've paid $100 for. Very good price on this set!
I love this aqua color! The sheets are so soft and I like that you don't have to iron them. They are very pretty and comfortable to sleep on. They also dry fast in the dryer.
"Softest sheets out there!!!
Absolutely love them.
I ordered the grey for my first set and loved them so much I came back to order 7 more sets.
Love the color selection as well!"
Very soft and luxurious feeling. Fit my 12” mattress with ease. The colors are amazing and vibrant (even after washing). I purchased in several colors! Will buy again!
These are super soft comfortable sheets that also fit my thick mattress easily.  The flat sheet is also long enough to tuck in so that it stays tucked.
"Softest sheets out there!!!
Absolutely love them.
I ordered the grey for my first set and loved them so much I came back to order 7 more sets.
Love the color selection as well!"
This sheet set does not feel like a $35 sheet set.... $10 sheet set more like it.  The fitted sheet fits too big, not a snug fit.  I've washed these for the first time and already the fabric has some weird spots like the thread has gotten snagged.  The pillow cases have lost its shape and I haven't even slept on them yet.  I wanted to wash them before sleeping on them.  The feel of the fabric is just weird, I guess I know not to purchase microfiber again.  All this is even before I have slept on them.
Purchased several of these sets of sheets and they are fabulous !! The price is great, colors wonderful and they are soft as can be. They wash like a dream and are well made to last long. Highly recommend. Hard to find good bright colors in micro fiber and these are just perfect.
I bought these magenta sheets and 2 others of the same brand just different color. I don't have complaints on the peach color or the blue ones but the magenta color sheets I bought stain as soon as you wash them and don't look as vibrant anymore. In fact they already look old. They also stained the mattress as well.  I don't recommend getting the magenta sheets.
I got this is red and absolutely loved them!. I then ordered black when they were back in stock and they don't feel the same but not horrible. I came back for a different color but the price keeps changes. Perfect at $25. Just be sure to rub in all lotions and oils because they can stain
So far so soft .. havent washed yet, but these fit my California King mattress.. deep pockets
Soft. Love the electric that goes around the entire sheet.
These sheets feel smooth and cool. I brought a second pair.
I love the size. My all bedding was to small, because was for regular queen bed. Thank you
beautiful color and soft. I'm happy
seep pockets  kept sheets on my pillow top queen mattress  fit perfectly!
SHEETS ARE GREAT I LOVE THEM ORDERED 2 MORE SETS
Very true to color pictured. Yellow is my 3yr olds fav color.
"Not as deep picketed as claimed, I have a 14"" mattress and it only coivers it with about 2""-3"" underneath (not as they show in their photo with a huge excess amount). 
This being said, the sheets are very nice, good quality, soft and comfortable. I ordered 3 sets and so far I love them and would definitely recommend them."
Great sheets, soft and comfortable. Not as big as they show in the pic from the underneath of the mattress but still big enough. I have an 18" mattress and it pulls about 3"-4" extra under the mattress, but I've noticed it holds good and doesn't come untucked.
Item came exactly as described and on time. The item added color and security to my new glass top range. The quality was excellent and i would buy from this seller again.
Nice  cover. Fits perfect.  After  I purchased it I have found that I don't really use it.
This pink is true the color and the cover is very roomy the material is durable
Got this 6-quart Instant Pot Cover to match the Kitchen Aid cover I purchased from Penny's Needful Things just last month.  Just like the other cover, it is perfect - well made and fits nicely.  And the cover arrived several days ahead of schedule!
This is an exceptional bread machine cover. It is well worth the price and the design goes with my decor of coffee in my kitchen.  It is very well made and worth the price.  I just wish They made more different appliance covers with this coffee design.
Great sheets, soft and comfortable. Not as big as they show in the pic from the underneath of the mattress but still big enough. I have an 18" mattress and it pulls about 3"-4" extra under the mattress, but I've noticed it holds good and doesn't come untucked.
these are a totally different color then what I received.  the ones I received where like rust color. I wanted bright orange
Exactly what the description says. Color slightly paler. Ordered one size up to get the pockets deep enough to fit my 12 inch thick mattress
So bright! And a great fit for our deep mattress and 3 inch topper. No issues with the corners pulling up.
because I have a mattress topper on top of my mattress I can only use deep pocket sheets. for the price these are wonderful sheets
This sheet set fits my thick mattress and stays put with my rolling all night. Soft material. Will definitely buy a back up set.
Great fit with deep pockets, ordered one size up just for the deeper pockets. Very soft and beautiful color
Was actually expecting the color to be a little brighter like in the picture. The color is a very pastel color instead.
It has a white lining around the bottom of the sheet that I don't like, otherwise I think they are soft and will last.
Super supportive and comfortable!  Fall asleep quickly and stay asleep for longer periods than I have enjoyed in years!
A bit darker than the picture, more like deep burgundy instead of a bright burgundy. Happy either way though, as always!
OMG. I CAN'T BELIEVE  HOW SOFT THE SHEETS ARE. JUST WAITING FOR THE MATTRESS IN THE BOX TO BE DELIVERED.
The color was as advertised.  The material is soft and silky.  Size is good.
A very luxurious sheet for the price.  It looks and feels good.
Everything's very good thank you thank you thank you
Truly deep pockets.  Soft and comfortable.  Nice fit!
Good set!! We love the fit and the feel. Will be buying more colors,too.
This was a awesome Mothers Day present for my mom. She loved the quality and fit.
so soft fit my Cali king perfect
Super comfy and cozy! Loved the color and they look great on the bed
love the color and quality
arrived early and are excactly as described soft and luxurious
love them Fit great and feel so soft
I really like these and good quality
Fits perfectly even with mattress pad.
We love these sheets! We normally by 100% cotton, but these are amazingly soft and cool.
The color is vibrant! The cotton is soft! I am very pleased, will buy more of these!!
Soft, pretty lavender color and quality is good. Ive already washed 5x and the material holds up well
I washed according to instruction. I went to put them on my bed and they ripped at the seam. They literally didn't last one night.
I couldn't be more pleased great fit and super soft color is spot on with pictures I'm going to order again
Very nice and vivid dark chocolate color that makes them very hard to find  . Deep pockets and fits very well .Like it and yes, good for winter
If I had a regular flat mattress, these sheets may be fine, but they are lacking when it comws to an adjuatable bed. The aheets pop off xonstantly.
Love these sheets!  Fit well and look good. Wish the king size sheets had an option for regular size pillowcases.
Nice and heavy ,a cream more yellowish  than anything else ,not even taupe or flat color,is a vanilla -yellow ..But very heavy and good
Excellent price for these hard to find sheets.  Paid over $300 per set at the store I bought this adjustable bed at.  Good quality for price.
These sheets are perfect except they don't breathe. If you like to feel on tbe cooler side these are not for you.
very soft, but so thin, no body.  ordered two will keep them for back-up other wise will use sheets with some body.
Soft sheets but a little on the thin side. I love the colors they come in and bought the cream color.
Love them!!! They actually fit my bed and don't slid off! It's hard to find sheets with deep enough pockets for my bed and these are perfect!
They were very soft, but a little thin.  For the price I think they are great and will last a few seasons.
These are super soft sheets! They have been washed a few times and still feel great. The color is very rich as well.
so far I like how they fit., but haven't wash them yet as I just put them on, so dont know if they will shrink.  Love the colors that they come in.
Would not stay on my adjustable bed.  Not bad sheets although not the feel I prefer but not bad either.  I can't use them though....getting popped in the face by the corner coming off in the middle of the night is no fun!
Good price but a little thin. The color is bright(orange) and does not pile in the wash. Great for college dorms or kids. I wish the material was thicker.
Looked up jersey sheets and they had this one on the list. Its NOT Jersey. I ordered it haphazardly. I still like it. Fits good, feels good. Probably wouldnt have ordered it at the price had I not have mistaken it for jersey.
These sheets are perfect! So soft and the rust orange looks great on my bed. These are my second set of sheets that I have got from you and i will buy them again.
Sheets are nice and soft. The color is really pretty. The fitted sheet is nice because it fits our 12in mattress and tucks really well. Overall very satisfied!
My sheets feel wonderful to the touch and they fit my bed nicely. My bed is beautifully made with these sheets. I bought them in teal, now I'm going to get them in white for my bed.
I am totally disappointed. I ordered this and a king set of the same color. THEY DID NOT MATCH!  They feel good. The elastic is hidden and not just sewn on top of the fitted sheet. But let me say COLOR MATTERS!
I'm actually surprised.  They are lovely sheets.  The only thing that worries me is that the elastic is a bit wobely but time will tell.  They are plenty big and spread over the bead easily.
These sheets are very soft and very white.  I washed them the very first day and put them on the bed.  One of the best night of sleep in a long time.  So happy I made the purchase.
Loveee this sheet set! So incredibly soft and comfortable. Easy to put on and the color is pretty. So glad I got these. They fit my full sized bed perfectly. Will definitely buy again
We got these sheets for our twin air mattress for when grandchildren sleep over. At least for that, they are perfect. The fitted sheet stays in place. All is very comfortable.
I am so happy with these sheets that I bought another set in a different color. They are very soft and comfortable. Very high quality, nice sheets. The colors are beautiful! I highly recommend them!
"The sheets fit okay. Pillow top mattresses with anything on top to help the bed make them harder to fit. This is understandable. 
I haven't washed them yet,  that will tell me more."
I am totally disappointed. I ordered this and a split set of the same color. THEY DID NOT MATCH!  They feel good. The elastic is hidden and not just sewn on top of the fitted sheet. But let me say COLOR MATTERS!
Perfect color, soft and luxurious to the touch. Deep pockets are perfect for the deeper mattresses. They wash like a dream and come in so many luscious colors. Price is great for quality sheets. Highly recommend!!
They are so soft and fit perfectly!
nice and soft  fits good second set now  have to sets for use
"Great quality at a reasonable price. 
Deep pockets for tall mattress."
Great fit! Durable and well made
LOVE THE SHEETS I SLEEP GREAT WITH THESE SHEETS
Great sheets for such a low price.
Great set of sheets. Just what I wanted
Fit perfect. not coming up at the corners. and so comfy.
XL SIZE FITS PERFECT FOR THE PILLOW TOP ON THE FULL SIZE BED.
So comfortable, easy wash and dry, and they're pretty.
very soft, I love these sheets
Tight fit on my full sized bed. I have a thick mattress,  but it's supposed to fit it.
Arrived promptly, fit and look great. Material seems of good quality. Exactly what I wanted.
Beautiful, but a little small
very soft and nice...not bad for the price
"Nice material and fit. 
Pretty color."
Very comfortable and I love the color I ordered more.
love these sheets fells like satin very comfortahle
if you are going to add a matriss toper to a pillow top matriss, they are a must !
Got this set and have only washed twice they're already falling apart
Item arrived early and bedding set is just what i wanted
They are good sheets however the color was very off
Very comfortable and Fast Delivery.
The sheets come loose at night
They fit nicely, look and feel amazing
perfect with the bed spread
These sheets are really worth the price. Very soft and wash up really nice.
feel like silk really nice and comfortable
Very comfortable and Fast Delivery.
Love! Really soft bedding!
This is not the color sent.  It's more of rusty orange than a tangerine as pictured.
Used these sheet set for my king bed. Love them! They wash nicely , colors do not fade!
Love the quality and comfort
Actually stay on the bed wash well so far so goid!
Absolutely love the sheets!!! So soft
Very soft and comfortable
Very Soft!!  Not like Flannel very cooling Love them
I like how the elasticity is a little stiff so it stays on the bed better.
This set is a replacement of an identical set I had ordered in the past.
Color is exact. Sheets are not cheaply made.
Loved the sheet sets. Fits well, feels good and wash well.
Well made and holds to the mattress doesn't slip off.
Awesome sheets. So soft and worth every penny
Nice comfortable sheets soft cool i got better sleep affordable and high quality
since I have pillow top plus 4" gel foam topper the deep pockets are wonderful n fits properly
The sheets are soft. I look forward to ordering more.
"I have a cal king which is Adjustable bed. This is the first set of sheets that worked! the quality is outstanding and they're very soft.
Love the bright green sheets as well."
Super soft and comfy not bad for the price either. I bought 2 one for me the lavander and the other gray for my daughter. We love it and shipping was good too! Thanks so much!
The sheets I received had stains and weird small black dots. Saw them on the pillowcases and didn't even bother unwrapping the sheets. Reminded me of when I had bed bugs... do not order these. Extremely dissatisfied
the color is as if it's been washed out compared to the picture.
Although these sheets felt very nice, after the 2nd wash  they ripped in the bed.
First use and they are soft and comfortable,  it's hard to judge on a first use.
I love the color and its very soft fabulous fabric excellent
The sheets are very soft and meet expectations. The fit is great.
Very soft and love the color
The color is just like the picture.  I'm returning  bc they are thin,not what's advertised.
very soft fits my bed just right.
The quality is terrible and as soon as you wash them they get water spots and stains on them.
The sheets were dry rotted.
fit bed well.. am pleased
The sheets are very soft and fit well
The item came almost a month late and it had stains on it already.
Fits my bed perfectly.  And the delivery was fast. Thank you
they seem fine I have not slept on them as of yet :
Comfortable and quality sheets set
Absolute great price and quality for these hard to find sheets
I have never slept so soundly knowing that my sheets stayed on my bed while I tossed and turned.
I love the color.  Quality also appears to be great.
Sent me the wrong color! Just such a waste of time!!!
Luxury sheets at an affordable price
Very nice color and soft sheets.
Just as described. Use it on my sons bed to match his Christmas quilt. Would buy again.
Very comfortable and definitely worth it !
They are very soft , except I recieved them damaged. The fitted sheet has seperated elastic
was not new very upset u can tell when its use smh didn't want it
"Fits our
 23 inch deep bed"
just the right size and I love this color.
Love the color. Very soft and smooth to the skin! I would definitely recommend!
The pockets needed to be deeper
They are okay. Not what I expected for the thread count on cotton sheets.
I always order my sheets from Walmart and am satisfied with the quality and price
Lovely color and feel very soft
Feels great! Fits great! Happy!!
I like the material of the sheet set very soft
These sheets are very comfortable and affordable.
They fit great on my bed and look and feel wonderful!!
Very comfortable sheets. Kind of thin but it is not an issue for me.
Good deal on well-made, soft, basic sheet set.
So good for the price the softest sheets i ever had
they are just what I ordered. they have met my expected standards on softness.
The way they fit and stay on bed.
Very nice for winter ,solid color and good quality.Fits very well in those deep pocket mattresses
They fit perfect and feel so nice
was not the color shown. I was very disappointed.
Really nice but everything stains them, i spilled water and it left a stain.
Real soft and withstands many washes
Nice sheets.  Wish they were a bit larger to fit all corners of the mattress.
These sheets are very nice and fit well.
The sheet fits perfect and the material is very soft
Nice sheets feels good on skin will purchase more
Did not fit my queen size mattress, it ripped on two bottom corners.
It was exactly what I was looking for.  They are comfortable and soft. I'd buy them again.
Love my pretty pink sheets.  They wash great
It fits very nice nice quality for the price
These are the softest of soft! Wrinkle resistant, fit perfectly on mattresses. Cannot beat these.
The material kept me too hot at night
EXTREMELY soft and feels amazing.
Color just as described. They are nice for the money. I would buy again.
Sheets are very soft and fit well
Very soft, but not too soft.
We love these sheets.  Bought a few sets.  They hold up.  They feel really good!
My grandson loves the color and softness of the sheet set.  I will be purchasing them again in another color.
These are the softest sheets I have ever owned. I'm thinking of buying another set. Very affordable.
Great vibrant color. Stays on mattress. Good quality. My son loves the sheets for his full size bed.
I really like the sheets they were soft and silky very easy and comfortable to sleep and great price
These are the most luxurious sheets ive ever had. Add such a good price point these are beyons my expectations.
"The pocket on the fitted sheet would not fit over the mattress.  Not as deep as described. 
I hope I get a refund."
It's so soft and it feels so good on your skin when you lay down. And the deep pocket it's the best!!!
These sheets are the softest, most comfortable sheets ever. They are deep enough for the thickest mattresses.  I am buying more.
Over all this product is pretty nice for the price, it just attracts link fairly easily and stains quick.
I purchased this as a gift but have discovered I now have got to have a set for me. Terrific set and fabric.
Decent . Not worth the price . Definitely will be using. color is beautiful but price and material doesnt add up .
These sheets feel really great! BUT...the color "red" is NOT RED! It's a yucky orangey/coral color! Just be aware of color!
Loved how soft this sheet set is. Perfect for my daughters bedroom. Its such a great value for the price too!
This came very quickly! I bought it also because other people gave positive reviews for it.  Just love the beautiful mint color!
Expected thicker sheet set. It's not very thin or cheaply made, just wish it was thicker considering the price. It works for summer.
the color is beautiful... just made the bed with it a few days ago so haven't washed them as of yet but they seem really nice.
Quite a bit thinner than what I was expecting,  in fact very thin... other than that the softness and colors were great!
These are ok for the price. The elastic feels loose inside the seam. I washed and when placing on bed i was a little worried the elastic would snap.
"Its nice, I thought I was ordering tshirt sheets, thats what I thought I read anyway? Its staticky and collects everything lol
Its a nice product!"
I previously ordered the same brand because how it fit my mattress so good. Very soft and breathing material. Will stay with this brand.
I recieved it today and all seems to be fine. No stains, rips, or odor. It fits on the bed. A bit wrinkled but thats expected. Over all it does as it should.
What an amazing sheet set. These are cool to the touch and very soft almost a silky feel to them. I purchased 3 different colors. I plan to purchase more for my daughters bed.
Pretty decent for the price.  A little thin so not sure how long they will last. Washed well. Great fit. They really are deep pocket and come all the way down to bottom of mattress.
I love them. A. I love the color , it makes me happy! They are so soft. Washed one time only . Once received. It's only been a few days , so we'll see how they hold up after  a few more washes. But I am totally happy with this purchase. Will most likely buy more in different colors. :)
The sheets are very nice, Im enjoying them.
loved the softness and color bought 2
Like very much and especially deep pockets goes on mattress very easily
the color is just as picture  it's so soft I love it
These are really nice sheets
One of the pillow covers seam not sewed
Love the color, and the bedding.
Love the bright color in the room!!
Very nice picture, very bright and pretty
Very small than pictured though
Arrived very quickly and is even better in person.
Nothing happy!â€™
Great picture
It was exactly as shown, describec.  This was for on kitchen wall above my table.  Redid my kitchen with lemons for accent.
So bright and cheery!  Makes my kitchen wall pop and you can almost taste the lemonade!!  ;)
I love the vivid colors on this canvas; shipping was super fast.
Would highly recommend!
Itâ€™s perfect for my wall in the kitchen


Wonderful. Good color. Feels good.
Amazing sheets, very soft
Birthday present for GRANDAUGHTER. She loves these sheets
Very soft but a bit thin. Color is perfect though
The sheets are silky soft, you'll love them!!!
Super soft!  Good quality
doesn't fit my bed quite well and I have a California king
Comfortable and the sheets fit well
The sheet fits well, very soft and comfortable and priced fairly.
These feel really great! Soft, comfy. Color is true to picture!
I enjoyed my shopping experience.
There nice sheets but when I ordered them there wasn't any dimension so they are a little large.
Spend the money to get a good set of sheets. Microfiber is not a good night's sleep.
Personally I liked everything about the sheets would recommended to buy
The sheet set is thin. Not a little thick.
Beautiful color and very soft
These sheets are not deep pocket and are very thin and crappy.
Great value, soft, washed well.
Love these really deep pockets and with the elastic all around they stay on the bed
Great soft sheets, great price. Wash well.
Its really good for a smaller space like my apartment. Great for stuffing clothes and little things like chargers and towels under the bed. The frame itself is very sturdy and relatively easy to install. It has a bit of weight to it which makes moving it difficult especially after assembly.
I am a frequent buyer, and I love all of Little Colorado's quality products, because of the sturdy pine wood construction. I can always count on them to send the very best, and in a timely fashion. This chest is a good size, but is relatively light weight at only 41 pounds and comes fully assembled. Kids love the design, because it resembles a Pirate's chest and it is easily painted. The center safety hinge and front opening make it safe for children. I would definitely recommend this product to buyers above all others that I have seen on the market, and the reasonable price seals the deal!
I looked and looked for the right toy box/chest. I did not want a cheaply put together toy box. Wanted it to last for years. Reading some products they're made with plywood! This item was all wood and fully assembled. I also read some others that putting together was a problem. I would recommend with a BIG 5 Star!!
This is a great toybox holds alot of toys, and can be stained or painted to match any decor. Very sturdy for rough little boys great hinges keep little fingers from being pinched and when he no longer needs a toybox he can store his most treasured memories..
This toy box was bought unfinished so that my daughter's preK class (along with the art teacher!) could decorate and personalize it for a live auction item at our upcoming school gala. [...] The chest is of high quality and will do well with young children. Great value, high quality, easy purchase and delivery!
I was pleasently surprised by the quality and construction of this toy box, it looks beautifuly hand crafted. Purchased for my first grandchild ,so I could store toys at my home, when she comes and visits her grandma. I really like the safetly features. Fantastic product!!
I wanted a toy box for my our Granddaughter to use at our house. This Captain's chest fit the bill perfectly. Her safety was the number one consideration. This chest has the safety hinge and the cut out area to keep her finger from getting mashed. The price was great. The size was perfect for where we wanted to place it. We opted for the unfinished so we could match the furniture color in the family room. We will be able to use this for storage long after the grandchildren will not longer need it. Made from solid pine, we know it durability.
Great product for toys or clothes that are over flowing. Finally something built to last like the old fashion days. Comes pre assembled and ready to use no inconvenience and time wasting effort to build. Design it the way to want get it unfinished be creative. Great price point and very affordable for what you get.
On my 7th chest, and as always, great quality. Looks like a piece of furniture. Beautiful wood, and well constructed
Very pleased , Just as described with no surprizes . Packed extra well with plenty padding . No chance of being damaged under normal conditions . Wood fitted properly with no cracks . Would recommend the company to everyone !